# Outfitter

## A Closet Assistant

This application will allow the user to:
 <ol>
  <li>Add new accessories, outerwear, pants, shirts, and shoes to a database</li>
  <li>Create and save outfits</li>
  <li>Get automatically generated outfits based on colour, weather, or occasion</li>
</ol>

This program will allow the user to add almost any article of clothing into it, creating a digital closet. 
The user then has the choice to remove anything previously entered into the closet or create new outfits manually 
or automatically. This program also allows the user to load and see any previous outfits. Lastly, the user has the 
choice to save the outfit created to a save file or make a new outfit.

This application caters almost anyone who likes to plan what they wear, or if they want to experiment with the clothes 
in their closet. It is also helpful for people who don't know how to pick what to wear, as the program can choose for 
them.

 ## User Stories

 <ul>
  <li>As a user, I want to be able to be able to add multiple clothes I have in the real world to a digital program</li>
  <li>As a user, I want to be able to create my own outfits manually</li>
  <li>As a user, I want to be able to generate a random outfit based on colour, weather, or occasion</li>
  <li>As a user, I want to be able to see all outfits and clothes I have entered</li>
  <li>As a user, I want to have all my outfits and clothing saved automatically</li>
  <li>As a user, I want to be able to load and save the state of the application</li>
</ul>



 ###Phase 4: Task 2

Fri Apr 01 14:34:07 PDT 2022 | Shoes added to Closet

Fri Apr 01 14:34:22 PDT 2022 | Pants added to Closet

Fri Apr 01 14:34:29 PDT 2022 | Manually created outfit added to Closet

Fri Apr 01 14:34:43 PDT 2022 | Outfit generated by color and added to Closet

 ###Phase 4: Task 3

If provided more time for this project, I would have refactored my method of generating outfits by differing criteria
into one method. Furthermore, I would have changed the way I formatted the UI to use more readable, simpler code.
Additionally, I could have greatly reduced the amount of classes in model by utilizing the type of clothing as a field 
in clothing rather than separate classes. Lastly, I would have made the way the closet contents are displayed much more
user-friendly and better-looking.